# Educational Aspects of AR Game

Augmented reality technology has many advantages that allows it to be widely used in learning and education. First of all, it stimulates people imagination and engagement as you can easily mix real life situations with complex science concepts expressed as 3D models. Using augmented reality you can show that science is not so far away from everyday life situations and it attracts people attention. Also, it simplifies learning process as you can express yourself more clearly using 3D models and animation. Moreover, it is quite easy to use and distribute as many people in the world already have smart phones which can easily be used to run augmented reality game.
 
Keeping that in mind, we developed a framework for using augmented reality in educational process. Our framework is based on existing process of learning from the book. As the book consists of many pages, augmented reality game can consist of many image targets (textures) that can be recognised. We propose to use those different targets for different subjects and sections. When person looks at the image (using smart phone, tablet or computer) he sees a target content. We classified the content in four main categories: 

* Audio tracks 
* 3D models 
* Animations
* Interactive content 

When a person finishes exploring one image target content he can easily switch contents by simply looking to different image (or just by changing image target) - just as person who reads a book turns to the next page. When new target is recognized new content is shown and people can analyse different subjects or sections. So, using our augmented reality framework, we can create new type of electronic book. This newly created type of book is not limited to expressing information in forms of text and images - it also takes advantage of 3D models, animations, audio and interactive content.

Looking from practical perspective, framework can be easily ilustrated using example that our iGEM team has already implemented. In our demonstration version of the game we used four different image targets (textures). When a person looks at the first image target he hears narrator explaining basic facts about synthetic biology which were ilustrated with changing 3D models and animations (ex.: dna, gene). When person finishes this section and acquires required knowledge, he simple switches textures and second image target content is shown. In our case it is simple quiz about the facts presented in the first part of the game. When he succeeds image target is switched once more. This time audio, 3D models and animations are iliustrating some basic facts of biobricks and importance of sharing. In the last target person checks his knowledge by taking another quiz.

From this example it should be clear that this framework is highly reusable and other people using this framework can easily build upon. Simply upload your new image targets (textures) and new target content (audio, 3D models, animations) and you will have your own variant of augmented reality educational game, just as you would have written your own book. 

Ready to see how this framework should be implemented in Unity? Switch to the next section.

